Add guidance for writing minimum-viable component docs (#700)
primer/design: content/guides/contribute/documentation.mdx

### Tips and tricks

- A great starting off point is to consolidate existing documentation for the component that's already available. Places to look:
  - Figma ([Primer Web file](https://www.figma.com/file/GCvY3Qv8czRgZgvl1dG6lp/Primer-Web?node-id=179%3A3870))
  - [CSS documentation](https://primer.style/css/)
  - [React Storybook](https://primer.style/react/storybook/?path=/story/)
  - [Rails Lookbook](https://primer.style/view-components/lookbook)
  - [Interface guidelines component documentation](/components)
  - [Interface guidelines UI pattern documentation](/ui-patterns)
  - [Interface guidelines Accessibility documentation](/guides/accessibility)
  - Related components that may have guidelines applicable to your component
  - Take a look at an existing component that was documented using this approach, such as [Action menu](/components/action-menu)

#### Recommendations for tackling this work quickly and efficiently

> - Work in pairs or with a small group. Dedicate 1-2 components per person, with each person in the group is responsible for reviewing the others' PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Work in pairs or with a small group. Dedicate 1-2 components per person, with each person in the group responsible for reviewing the others' PRs.
```

- Timebox each component to x hour(s) for writing, x hour(s) for reviewing, and x hour(s) for writing revisions.

> - If you get stuck or a component clearly needs more thorough documentation in order to be accurate, swap it out for another component and add it to the backlog of components that need more thorough documentation.

Reviewer: Wanted to ask what does this part of the bullet point mean? (emphasis mine)

> a component clearly needs more thorough documentation **in order to be accurate**

Author: I just copy-pasted this from existing documentation written by Emily, but I think I understand. I think it's trying to say "if you can't find the information you need to write good docs, keep it in the backlog until we can get that info and move on to another component".

How does this rewording sound?

```suggestion
- If you feel blocked by a lack of information about the component to write useful documentation, move on to documenting a different component until we can get the context we need.
```
